Documentation v2 (#20)
airbnb/react-component-variations: README.md

⚠️ **Warning: this project is still very alpha**

React component variations are:
* A format called "variations" for specifying React component **_examples_** and providing **_documentation_** for them.
* Tools for finding, validating, and iterating over variations.
* A collection of "consumers" for doing useful things with variations.

## Table of contents

- [Variations](#variations)
- [Consumers](#consumers)
- [Contribution Guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)

> ## Variations

Reviewer: Does this work by default with the table of contents, or does it need to have an explicit anchor link?

```md
[Variations](#variations)

## <a name="variations"></a>Variations
```

Author: It totally works

> Variations are defined in files we call variation providers. These are standard Javascript modules that return an object with specific fields. For example:

Reviewer: Would it make sense to elaborate on these "specific fields" that a variation provider's return object needs to have?

Author: Yeah

Reviewer 2: - JavaScript
 - they're not actually standard JS modules, they're node modules, which atm are just commonJS
```suggestion
Variations are defined in files we call variation providers. A "variation provider" is a node module that exports a function, that returns a "descriptor object" with specific fields. For example:
```

⚠️ **Warning: this project is still very alpha**

> React component variations are:

Reviewer 2: Technically the variations are just part of the descriptor object that variation providers return.

* A format called "variations" for specifying React component **_examples_** and providing **_documentation_** for them.
* Tools for finding, validating, and iterating over variations.
* A collection of "consumers" for doing useful things with variations.

> ## Table of contents

Reviewer 2: it might be nice to use a tool like doctoc ([example](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm/blob/master/package.json#L17)) plus a CI check, to ensure that this can easily stay up to date.

- [Variations](#variations)
- [Consumers](#consumers)
- [Contribution Guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)

## Variations

Variations are defined in files we call variation providers. These are standard Javascript modules that return an object with specific fields. For example:

```jsx
// ButtonVariationProvider.jsx

import React from 'react';
import Button from '../components/Button';

> export default function ButtonVariationProvider() {

Reviewer 2: it seems important to have the example include the "extras" functionality, since it's so critical for storybook.

Reviewer: But isn't that just one consumer of variations? It still feels like an advanced feature to me. If we want to include it in the "here's what you need to know right out of the gate" part of the readme here, I think we'd need to make sure we provide the "why" and "how" on top of the "what" as it relates to extras functionality.

}
```

> Each variation provider will be passed an extras object. It's properties come from the project's configuration, and can be used to get mock data needed to render the variations.

Reviewer: Being someone still unfamiliar with the extras object, this statement is a little nebulous to me. Where/what is the project's configuration? What type of mock data are we talking about?

I'm thinking we either don't get into the extras object just yet (it is a more advanced feature after all—variations work fine without any extras), or we go into more detail about _why_ extras exist, what problem they solve, and how to set them up. (I'm personally more in favor of not mentioning them up front here in the intro section of the README.)

Author: Yeah, it's definitely more advanced. And I haven't covered how to actually integrate this into a project yet. So you're probably right
